add to the void fraction theory guide in CFD-DEM (#715)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/examples/unresolved-cfd-dem/boycott-effect/boycott-effect.rst

Void fraction
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Since we are calculating the void fraction using the particle insertion of the DEM simulation, we set the ``mode`` to ``dem``. For this, we need to read the dem files which we already wrote using check-pointing. We, therefore, set the ``read dem`` to ``true`` and specify the prefix of the dem files to be dem.

Author: As described in the prm file the mode can be set to dem or function. If it is set to dem, it gets the void fraction using particles by reading a dem file, if it is set to function, you have to write the void fraction function in the prm

We choose to use the quadrature centered method (`QCM <../../../theory/unresolved_cfd-dem/unresolved_cfd-dem.html>`_) to calculate the void fraction. For this, we specify the ``mode`` to be ``qcm``. We want the radius of our volume averaging sphere to be equal to the length of the element where the void fraction is being calculated. We don't want the volume of the sphere to be equal to the volume of the element.

> For this, we set the ``qcm sphere equal cell volume`` equals to ``false``. Since we want to keep the mass conservative properties of the  :math:`L^2` projection, we do not bound the void fraction and as such we set ``bound void fraction`` to ``false``. We don't smooth the void fraction as we usually do using the PCM and SPM void fraction schemes since QCM is continuous in time and space unlike the other schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this, we set the ``qcm sphere equal cell volume`` equals to ``false``. Since we want to keep the mass conservative properties of the :math:`L^2` projection, we do not bound the void fraction and as such we set ``bound void fraction`` to ``false``. Unlike the other schemes, we do not smooth the void fraction as we usually do using the PCM and SPM void fraction schemes since QCM is continuous in time and space.
```

CFD-DEM
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> We also enable grad-div stabilization in order to improve local mass conservation. If we were using PCM and SPM void fraction schemes, the void fraction time derivative should be disabled as the time variation of the void fraction will lead to unstable simulations due to the first term of the continuity equation :math:`\rho_f \frac{\partial \varepsilon_f}{\partial t}` which is stiff and unstable for the slightest temporal discontinuity of the void fraction and as :math:`\Delta t \to 0`. However, as we are using the QCM void fraction scheme, this term can be enabled. Usually, this term is neglected, however; disabling this term affects the results as we are no longer solving for the actual `Volume Averaged Navier-Stokes equations <../../../theory/unresolved_cfd-dem/unresolved_cfd-dem.html>`_. Therefore, we should not neglect this term based on numerical reasoning without any physical explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also enable grad-div stabilization in order to improve local mass conservation. If we were using PCM and SPM void fraction schemes, the void fraction time derivative should be disabled as the time variation of the void fraction will lead to unstable simulations. The source of such instability is the first term of the continuity equation :math:`\rho_f \frac{\partial \varepsilon_f}{\partial t}`, which is stiff and unstable for the slightest temporal discontinuity of the void fraction and as :math:`\Delta t \to 0`. However, as we are using the QCM void fraction scheme, this term can be enabled. Usually, this term is neglected, however; disabling this term affects the results as we are no longer solving for the actual `Volume Averaged Navier-Stokes equations <../../../theory/unresolved_cfd-dem/unresolved_cfd-dem.html>`_. Therefore, we should not neglect this term based on numerical reasoning without any physical explanation.
```
